free
honey she's like artists you don't have
time I'd never get faded oh no we have
balls are still that's the squat squat
in real life right was same surgeon the
girl was like hey I'm a hook you up with
my boy big clear the objectives like
we'd be like yo like that's good
probably gonna move yeah I'm / to pay
for my shirt but I thought that this on
need help me out in the street I was
like no I am NOT John Jacob Jingleheimer
Schmidt yeah he ripped it to not a lot
but enough mirando to piss me off hockey
goalie you could have whupped his ass
all right he wasn't even that big either
we share my locker room together for
hockey and non hockey really did event
these cats I did he's gonna collect this
shitty truth no way he's the truth I
guess I'll cats encoder on the border
and he's able to spot one topside shit
oh nevermind UTI super sweet clutch man
I road I'll show me your tits or don't
talk if I want to see these made up the
fuck up show me him to second it's a
mess to mess up here and down there no I
don't care about your pussy well then
it's lame take a pic it looks like a
nevar chicken from arbys I thought this
relationship is gonna last then quit
calling me and shit and then I had to
start driving by your house me you
fucking got one kill nigga what the fuck
talking about the Lord to do I'm talking
about the score man relax all right you
may get a pig his wife beater off I
think he just took his wife beater off
skin and time my wife is right here
admit it you just yank a wife beater off
your sweaty body on me I don't wear wife
beater shit I have you found the
objection but those rains have to do
with fucking love black people white
people white people are crazy I'm really
white Oh a minute if you own everything
you know that makes white people so
crazy is all the fucking ecstasy the
white people do they don't know what it
is all about the well hey don't go one
from a bitch does anybody know where